Safest Driving Area
Write a modular, procedural program that determines which geographic regions within a major
city (north, south, east, west, and central) had the fewest reported automobile accidents last
year.
Input Validation: Do not accept an accident number that is less than 0.
Analysis
Algorithm:
• Get the name of a region and the number of accidents reported last year from interactive
input.
• Use those values to initialize variables to hold the name and number of accidents of the
region which had the lowest number of accidents.
• For each region
o Get the name of a region and the number of accidents reported last year from
interactive input.
o Determine if its number of accidents is less than the current lowest.
o if it is, store the name and number of accident values in the variables holding the
lowest accident number.
• Display the name and number of accidents for the region with the lowest accident rate.
Hierarchy Chart:
Functions:
Include comments in your program for these functions. Write comments from the point of view of
someone who wants to use the function but doesn’t need to know how the function works.
Describe the input to the function and any preconditions related to that input. Describe the
postconditions (what value the function returns to the caller if any, or what side effects occur as
a result of running the function).
1. main()
• This program determines the safest driving region in the city based on the number of
accidents reported for each region during the past year.
2. getRegInfo()
• This function gets the name of a region and the number of accidents that occurred in
that region during the past year.
o The number of accidents must be >= 0.
• (Note - Since the function returns two values, the parameters must be reference
parameters).
3. isLower()
• This function takes two integer values as input, it returns true if the first value is <= the
second value, otherwise it returns false.
• (Note, this function returns a Boolean value).
4. showLowest()
• This function gets the name of the region with the lowest reported accidents for the year
and the number of accidents for that region. It displays these values on the number.
• (Note – this function does not return anything to the caller, so the postcondition is that it
writes the values to the display)